Dr. Fu, may you have misdiagnosed?
How could I have misdiagnosed?
I just shone a flashlight in your eye
Pupils have a noticeable constriction response
It's human instinct
It means your eyes are sensitive to light.
In other words
You don't have insomnia at all
Do you mean to say
My eyes moved.
Did you read it wrong?
It's pointless to pay the doctor to pretend again
Doctor Fu, believe it or not
I was truly blind.
At the age of 12
My parents drove me out to play
And there was a car accident.
They died in a car accident.
And I got away with it.
Optic nerve damage
Became blind
So how did you cure your eyes?
A while ago, an expert helped me cure it.
Now that your eyes have been cured
Why continue to pretend to be blind?
Doctor Fu, do you believe me?
Of course, after my eyes recovered
I wanted to share this good news as soon as possible
Share with my husband
As a result, he accidentally ran into the nanny of his cheating family
Also seek to hurt
In order not to be hurt by them
I can only continue to pretend to be a little lady
Why would you marry someone like that?
Because he is nice to me.
That's good.
It's like exquisite candy on countless armors
Sweet and tender
And I was blinded
Fell into a trap carefully designed by Li Yangcheng